README.md, before:

# Hey there! 👋 I'm Harsh Verma

Welcome to my GitHub space!  
I'm a passionate **software developer** and tech enthusiast, currently pursuing **B.Tech in Electrical Engineering** at **NIT Hamirpur** *(2024-2028)*.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🔭 Exploring **Android Development**, **IoT systems**, and **Full-stack solutions**.
- 🧠 Quick learner — always excited about new tech, tools, and creative problem-solving.
- 💻 Love working with: `C`, `C++`, `Python`, `Kotlin`, `SQL`.
- 📱 Developing Android apps that solve real-world problems.
- 🤝 Open for collaboration on interesting software projects!

---

## 💼 Experience

- 🧑‍💻 Volunteer | **Society for Promotions of Electronics Culture**, NIT Hamirpur  
*Sept 2024 – Present*

---

## 🧑‍💻 Tech Stack

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="C" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="C++" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" alt="Kotlin" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" alt="Android" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="GitHub" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" alt="Firebase" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

---

## 📂 Featured Projects

| 💡 Project | 📃 Description | 🔗 Link |
| ---------- | -------------- | ------- |
| 🌾 **Kissan-Connect** | A native Android marketplace app connecting farmers and consumers, integrated with Firebase Authentication. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Kissan-Connect) |
| 🏠 **Smart Home Automation** | IoT-powered Android app for smart home controls, fire detection, and secure locking using Arduino & ESP8266. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Home-Automation) |
| 🚗 **Car Dealership System** | A PHP-based car dealership CRM with MySQL backend and full CRUD operations. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Car-Dealership) |

---

## 🏆 Achievements

- 🏅 Participated in **Smart India Hackathon** — organized by the Government of India.

---

## 🌟 Strengths

- 🧠 **Problem Solver** — Strong analytical thinking with hands-on debugging experience.
- 🚀 **Adaptability** — Fast learner of new technologies like **AI/ML** and Linux-based tools.
- 🤝 **Team Player** — Committed to collaboration and knowledge sharing.

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

- 🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/harshverma27)
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/harshhvermaa/)
- 📧 [Email](mailto:harshhvermaa@icloud.com)

---

> “Code isn’t just a tool — it’s a way to create meaningful impact.”  
Thanks for visiting! ⭐

Commit message:

Revise README with new projects and experience updates
Updated experience dates and added new projects to the README.

README.md, after:

# Hey there! 👋 I'm Harsh Verma

Welcome to my GitHub space!  
I'm a passionate **software developer** and tech enthusiast, currently pursuing **B.Tech in Electrical Engineering** at **NIT Hamirpur** *(2024-2028)*.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 🔭 Exploring **Android Development**, **IoT systems**, and **Full-stack solutions**.
- 🧠 Quick learner — always excited about new tech, tools, and creative problem-solving.
- 💻 Love working with: `C`, `C++`, `Python`, `Kotlin`, `SQL`.
- 📟 I also make PCBs, I just forget to fabricate them.
- 📱 Developing Android apps that solve real-world problems.
- 🤝 Open for collaboration on interesting software projects!

---

## 💼 Experience

- 🧑‍💻 Ambassador | **HackerRank Campus Crew**, NIT Hamirpur  
*Nov 2025 – Present*

- 🧑‍💻 Volunteer | **Society for Promotions of Electronics Culture**, NIT Hamirpur  
*Jult 2025 – Present*

- 🧑‍💻 Volunteer | **Society for Promotions of Electronics Culture**, NIT Hamirpur  
*Sept 2024 – April 2025*

---

## 🧑‍💻 Tech Stack

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="C" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="C++" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kotlin/kotlin-original.svg" alt="Kotlin" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/android/android-original.svg" alt="Android" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" alt="GitHub" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/firebase/firebase-plain.svg" alt="Firebase" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="Linux" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

---

## 📂 Featured Projects

| 💡 Project | 📃 Description | 🔗 Link |
| ---------- | -------------- | ------- |
| 📟 **Pi Zero UPS HAT** | My own UPS Hat for Raspberry Pi Zero with all protection features. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/My-Own-UPS-HAT-for-Raspberry-Pi-Zero) |
| 📟 **CCTV with Pi Zero** | A simple CCTV for hostel room made with with Raspberry Pi Zero using FFMpeg and MotionEYE| [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Raspberry-Pi-Based-CCTV) |
| 📟 **AdBlocker with Pi Zero** | A network wide Ad Blocker with Raspberry Pi Zero based upon DNS filtering concept. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Raspberry-Pi-Based-AdBlocker) |
| 🌾 **Kissan-Connect** | A native Android marketplace app connecting farmers and consumers, integrated with Firebase Authentication. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Kissan-Connect) |
| 🏠 **Smart Home Automation** | IoT-powered Android app for smart home controls, fire detection, and secure locking using Arduino & ESP8266. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Home-Automation) |
| 🚗 **Car Dealership System** | A PHP-based car dealership CRM with MySQL backend and full CRUD operations. | [View Repo](https://github.com/harshverma27/Car-Dealership) |

---

## 🏆 Achievements

- 🏅 Won Best Beginner Hack Prize in Hack 5.0 hackathon.
- 🏅 Participated and Cleared Internal Hackathon in **Smart India Hackathon** — organized by the Government of India.

---

## 🌟 Strengths

- 🧠 **Problem Solver** — Strong analytical thinking with hands-on debugging experience.
- 🚀 **Adaptability** — Fast learner of new technologies like **AI/ML** and Linux-based tools.
- 🤝 **Team Player** — Committed to collaboration and knowledge sharing.

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

- 🔗 [GitHub](https://github.com/harshverma27)
- 💼 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/harshhvermaa/)
- 📧 [Email](mailto:harshhvermaa@icloud.com)

---

> “Code isn’t just a tool — it’s a way to create meaningful impact.”  
Thanks for visiting! ⭐
